so I'm here with a spiky hack the reason
why I'm taking a video is because I
can't distribute this code yet it's not
really ready for that but I did want to
show that it's real it actually runs I
mean it's a hack maybe real is an
overstatement but I mean it is does
exist and it really does live and works
and so what it is is a quick hack that
to access the spykee robot from an
iphone / edge or over Wi-Fi so it's a
pretty basic app for now I've
implemented only some of the features of
the spiky in in this iphone app but here
you can see the app on the screen here
so it's got a picture that is a live
picture so it happens that I've
implemented is some of the movement so
you can see there's a delay but that
robot does move when instructed to and
this app could be happening already so
it's been designed for for low res
environments and it does let the robot
move and it also can activate a few of
the features like the light and so on
but mostly it does have a way to see
that what the camera is looking at so it
just takes a snapshot of that but if
you'll notice if I do movement again or
if i turn the robot I can spin the robot
around and you can see these frames
update now there's another mode that you
can do that I can return the robot a
little further so you can see a little
bit more what's going on and now there's
another mode of the robot are that this
app has that if you're in a situation
once the frames to update a little
quicker you can hit this low resolution
mode and then you get a grainy picture
but you get a rough idea of movement in
motion and what's visible in the camera
and so over edge that would go somewhat
faster is particularly and it would let
you perhaps be a little bit more
interactive with the robot or at least
see what it's seeing you can make it
take a snapshot with the camera button
there you can you can turn on the
surveillance mode what I found a bit
flaky and the robot anyway it seems to
reset itself periodically into
of this app so let's say I had this
picture on the robot that's you can see
it's not kind of in grainy mode will let
that camera focus so you can see that's
a grainy mode picture but you can see
that it's got that update so now okay I
want to clear that up okay that that
picture is interesting now I want to go
ahead and take the time to push in a
higher res version of that I can click
that resolution button and then get a
clear picture and you can see that
that's maximum resolution of the robot
it's normal resolution so you can clear
up that picture so you can move around
in sort of low resolution mode still get
snapshots and the frame will
automatically update if we point this
robot if there's motion in that frame it
will automatically update that that
portal window of what the robots doing
so I don't have to move it or or do
something every time I want to refresh I
can't do a manual refresh with that
update button which updates all the
components you see in the in the app but
it also will update automatically if
there's motion like for instance if one
of my dogs comes to the robot let me see
if I can make one of the dogs do that
morocco everybody so you can see as
there's motion into the frame there's
one of the dogs and she'll you can see
her in real life so she's there and a
little while the camera frame should
update you'll get a snapshot DC and now
the picture on the iphone has updated to
include the dog and you can see that now
she's out of the frame in its updated
again so as these dogs come in and out
of the frame you'll get new snapshots to
show they were in the frame at that time
you can see there is a delay she's in
the frame now in real life but she's not
updated on the iphone yet takes a little
while and there she is you can see your
updated there so it is automatic it's
not a real-time picture of streaming
this is designed in particular to deal
with low bandwidth situations so it
doesn't do streaming and also that was
just too much work for a past one but it
is interesting you got the spykee robot
operating on an iphone so thanks